Add the Getting Started with TagBox tutorial (#2336)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/SelectBox/00 Getting Started with SelectBox/20 Handle the Value Change Event.md

#include tutorials-editors-handle-value-change with {

>     output: "the IDs of the currently and previously selected items"

Reviewer: Does it mean that your component stores the two selection states - the current and previous ones?

Author: I would not say about selection state here. A selection state is a state of a component, a thing that shows whether it is selected. But here we talk about selected values. In my opinion, these are two different things.

Reviewer: Alright, I'm not going to suggest any changes here. I'm just trying to figure out of what do we speak here. What are previously selected items, for example?

>     output: "the `ID`s of the currently and previously selected item"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    output: "the IDs of the currently and previously selected items"
```
